Update Trace ids injection in logs documentation (#3808)
DataDog/documentation: content/tracing/advanced_usage/_index.md

Leverage the MDC Frameworks ([Map Diagnostic Context][1]) to automatically correlate trace and span IDs into your logs. Datadog MDC keys may be injected automatically with a tracer integration, or manually injected with the Datadog API.

> There are 3 different implementations possible depending on the logging configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three possible implementations depending on the logging configuration:
```

The rules around rendering numbers in English are complex and, frankly, inconsistent across style guides. A simple rule that everyone can agree one is this: _small_ numbers should be written out. 😄

> 1. Automatically inject trace ids in JSON formatted logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Automatically inject trace IDs in JSON formatted logs
```

> 2. Automatically inject trace ids in raw formatted logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Automatically inject trace IDs in raw formatted logs
```

> 3. Manually inject trace ids

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Manually inject trace IDs
```

> **1. Automatic Trace Ids Injection for JSON Formatted Logs**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**1. Automatic Trace IDs Injection for JSON Formatted Logs**
```

> Enable injection in the [Java Tracer's configuration][3] thanks to the `dd.logs.injection` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable injection in the [Java Tracer's configuration][3] via the `dd.logs.injection` parameter.
```

**Note**: Currently only **slf4j** is supported for MDC autoinjection.

> **2. Automatic Trace Ids Injection for Raw Formatted Logs**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**2. Automatic Trace IDs Injection for Raw Formatted Logs**
```

Enable injection in the [Java Tracer's configuration][3]. 

> **Note**: Currently only **slf4j** is supported for MDC autoinjection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Currently only **slf4j** is supported for MDC auto-injection.
```

> If logs are already JSON formatted, there should be nothing left to do. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the logs are already JSON formatted, there should be nothing left to do. 
```

2. Update your formatter to include `dd.trace_id` and `dd.span_id` in your logger configuration:

```
<Pattern>"%d{yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss} %-5p %c{1}:%L - %X{dd.trace_id:-0} %X{dd.span_id:-0} - %m%n"</Pattern>
```

> **3. Manual Trace Ids Injection**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**3. Manual Trace IDs Injection**
```

try {
    MDC.put("dd.trace_id", String.valueOf(CorrelationIdentifier.getTraceId()));
    MDC.put("dd.span_id", String.valueOf(CorrelationIdentifier.getSpanId()));
} 

// Log something

finally {
    MDC.remove("dd.trace_id");
    MDC.remove("dd.span_id");
}
```

Then update your logger configuration to include `dd.trace_id` and `dd.span_id` in your log pattern:

```
<Pattern>"%d{yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss} %-5p %c{1}:%L - %X{dd.trace_id:-0} %X{dd.span_id:-0} - %m%n"</Pattern>
```

[See our Java logging documentation][2] for more details about specific logger implementation or to learn how to log in JSON.

[1]: https://logback.qos.ch/manual/mdc.html
[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/logs/log_collection/java/?tab=log4j#raw-format
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/languages/java/#configuration
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Python" %}}

> Follow one the two following option to inject trace information into your logs in Python:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use one the two following options to inject Python trace information into your logs:
```

> **1. Automatic Trace Ids Injection**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**1. Automatic Trace IDs Injection**
```

Set the environment variable `DD_LOGS_INJECTION=true` when using `ddtrace-run`.

> **2. Manual Trace Ids Injection**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**2. Manual Trace IDs Injection**
```

Patch your `logging` module by updating your log formatter to include the ``dd.trace_id`` and ``dd.span_id`` attributes from the log record.

> The below configuration is the one used by the automatic injection method and is supported by default by the Log python integration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration below is used by the automatic injection method and is supported by default in the Python Log Integration:
```

I'm taking a guess at "log python integration" here, tbh - but the original feels weird.

hello()
```

> [See our Python logging documentation][1] to ensure that the python log integration is properly configured and your python logs automatically parsed.

Reviewer: I'm not entirely sure what you're trying to say here, but this doesn't parse. 😕

Author: Trying to say that it is important that the log are set with the `python` source as we do in the provided link.

Having the `python` source ensure that the logs are parsed and the trace id automatically extracted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[See our Python logging documentation][1] to ensure that the Python Log Integration is properly configured so that your Python logs are automatically parsed.
```

[1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/logs/log_collection/python/#configure-the-datadog-agent

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Ruby" %}}

> Follow one the two following option to inject trace information into your logs in Ruby:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use one the two following options to inject Ruby trace information into your logs:
```

> **1. Enable Trace Ids Injection for Rails Applications**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**1. Enable Trace IDs Injection for Rails Applications**
```

Rails.application.configure do
  config.log_tags = [proc { Datadog.tracer.active_correlation.to_s }]
end
```

> The logs are generated with the following format which is supported by default by the Ruby log integration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logs are generated in a format that is supported by default in the Ruby log Integration:
```

```
# Web requests will produce:
# [dd.trace_id=7110975754844687674 dd.span_id=7518426836986654206] Started GET "/articles" for 172.22.0.1 at 2019-01-16 18:50:57 +0000
# [dd.trace_id=7110975754844687674 dd.span_id=7518426836986654206] Processing by ArticlesController#index as */*
# [dd.trace_id=7110975754844687674 dd.span_id=7518426836986654206] Completed 200 OK in 7ms (Views: 5.5ms | ActiveRecord: 0.5ms)
```

> **2. Manual Trace Ids Injection for Ruby Applications**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**2. Manual Trace IDs Injection for Ruby Applications**
```
